docs: Adding brief documentation to coreComponent packages (#3352)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/finiteElement/CMakeLists.txt

#==================================================================================================
# Package : finiteElement
#
# Contains the implementation of finite element formulations for different types of elements

> # Contains the finite element method kernel interface (FEMKI)

Reviewer: Would this suffice?
```suggestion
# Contains the interface & implementation of calculations for different types of finite element.
```

Author: I'm not entirely okay with it, I suggest that

`# Contains the interface and implementation of finite element formulations.
`

#==================================================================================================
# Package: finiteElement
#
# Contains:
#  - the implementation of finite element formulations for different types of elements.

> #  - the finite element method kernel interface (FEMKI).

Reviewer 2: is it called FEMKI anywhere else?

Author: I found `FEMKI` term  in the sphinx documentation (developer guide), but I realize it is only used there, probably only for lighter writing. I'll remove it from the `CMakeList` doc.
